Welcome back.
Now, let me show you a sample card of how you can protect your application against station hijacking.
So, first of all, as you know, whenever you want to create a session, you need to start the session
by saying session start.
And then this good is very, very effective in terms of checking who is the user and who is logged in
and how long the session has been, how long since the decision has been created?
All all of these things.
And which IP address and whether the IP address matches the the IP address that logged in.
So let me walk you through this.
So this first of all, this if statement is going to check whether the remote adder is not equal to
the IP address.
So in other words, this if statement is going to ask this question, does the IP address match?
Does the IP address match or not?
If it doesn't match, then it is going to unset decision and destroy the session immediately.
This is what I was talking about, which is destroying the session.
Whenever something is off, always destroy the session when you find that something is off.
The second if statement is going to ask this question Does user agent agent match if the server a HTP
user agent is not equal to the sessions user agent, then we need to destroy the session.
And notice here in these two if statements we are comparing the server, the servers remote other which
is the IP address with the sessions IP address.
And here we are.
We are also comparing the servers HTP user agent with the sessions, the user agent.
And if they don't match for some reason, then we need to destroy the session immediately.
The third if statement.
Is going to check the the length of the session.
So it's going to ask this question.
Is their last access over an hour ago.
So if logging in happened over one hour, then we need to destroy the session, meaning that the user
must log in.
If they don't use their my your application for more than one hour.
So if they are if they are, if they have been inactive for more than one hour, then we need to destroy
the session and they must log in after that amount of time.
And of course, you can modify this time.
Maybe your time is only half an hour or maybe 15 minutes.
So applications such as bank accounts, applications and financial institutions must save this to only
15 minutes or 10 minutes, because otherwise this could pose a big problem through their applications.
And finally, here ls if the user is still using your application and the time is is is not more than
one hour, then the time is going to be equal to their last access.
And we saw the last access in this session.
And we always check the last access by using by comparing the time, by increasing by adding a time
to the to the current time.
So again, this good is very effective.
I'd recommend using this code.
You can add this code to your application.
Always add this, go to your application.
But of course, this is not the only code.
You always need to check the session who is logged in and always check the session.
But this code is important because many developers don't know about how to check the IP address and
also check the agent, the user agent.
And also many users, unfortunately, don't.
Many developers, unfortunately, don't know how to set decision to a specific amount of time and then
destroy that session if that time has been exceeded.
So this code is very important.
And again, I recommend adding this code to your application whenever you are developing a new application
or even in your all applications.
I recommend tapping this code to check the session and check the these things before allowing users
to continue using your application.